---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
# draft: fals
---


# What is FrenPet

Fren Pet is an incremental idle game on the Base blockchain. Players can upgrade their Pet to unlock in game features, gain more pGOLD, and earn a bigger share of the overall ETH generated by the ecosystem.


## Download the app

You can download the mobile app on [frenpet.xyz](https://frenpet.xyz/), it will create a crypto wallet for you to use in the game.

**You will need to send in some base ETH to get started.**

You can also use the desktop version by visiting the same link on a computer.

## Minting a Pet 

Once you join FrenPet, we create a smart account for you using account abstraction. Here’s what you can do with your new pet:

1. Mint your pet and start playing immediately.
1. Enjoy up to 10 transactions (txs) per day for free!


## Want More Transactions?
If you'd like to do more than 10 txs per day, simply increase your limit by funding your smart account with ETH. For most players, around $2 of ETH is enough to cover a month's worth of gameplay.

## Daily Transaction Limit
If you reach your daily transaction limit, don’t worry! It will reset automatically after 24 hours, so you can continue playing the next day.




:::note

Fren Pet was released in a fair way via Base Swap outside of this website, The purchase of FP tokens does not constitute an investment contract or any form of investment advice. Fren Pet does no guarantee or make any promises about the future value or performance of the token, and the value of the token may fluctuate significantly. It might be illegal for you to own FrenPet depending on your jurisdiction, check with your local laws.

:::
