# Rewards

FrenPet allows players to claim their share of the global reward (generated through a buy/sell tax on the uniswap pool) against their points.

Whenever a pet claim its reward, its points are burned (deleted) and its statistics are brought back to start (10 ATK, 10 DEF).

## Points

Points players earn along their journey are a direct claim on ETH generated by [buys and sells of $FP](#tax-on-buysell).

Players earn points in a few ways:

-   Staking $FP
-   Winning battles in PVP
-   Defeating monsters
-   Getting lucky on a wheel spin
-   Feeding a mushroom 

## Tax on buy/sell

There is a 4% tax every time someone buys or sells $FP tokens on [UniSwap](https://app.uniswap.org/explore/tokens/base/0xff0c532fdb8cd566ae169c1cb157ff2bdc83e105). Once the smart contract accrues 50 $FP tokens from taxes, they get automatically swapped into ETH and distributed as follows:

-   2% goes to the players of the game as rewards.
    

-   1% goes to the developers of Fren Pet.
    

-   1% gets added back as liquidity provision to support the $FP economy.
    

The player rewards are distributed according to your share of in-game points in relation to the total points of all pets in the game.

**When you claim your points on the app your score resets to 0 and your pet level starts from scratch, strategize accordingly.**

Note: Rewards work by interacting directly with a uniV2 contract, we reserve the right to block any uniV3 pools created as they would harm the players of the game. If you got tokens stuck in a uniV3 pool, contact us to help you.

:::note

Fren Pet was released in a fair way via Base Swap outside of this website, The purchase of FP tokens does not constitute an investment contract or any form of investment advice. Fren Pet does no guarantee or make any promises about the future value or performance of the token, and the value of the token may fluctuate significantly. It might be illegal for you to own FrenPet depending on your jurisdiction, check with your local laws.

:::
